alright guys so today we have a pretty
exciting Easter Egg for you guys now
this was actually found out yesterday
but I did upload three videos yesterday
and I kind of wanted to hold out until
today because I didn't want to spam you
guys with too many videos hope you guys
don't mind all that much but basically
as you can see by the title the original
five nights at Freddy's one phone call
has been found in five nights at
Freddy's 4 it's pretty exciting actually
because well first of all why is it in
there but anyways it's actually found by
a Reddit user from the one I actually
got the SoundCloud from is from LT
hawking Tain's I'll link down below to
the reddit article also to download the
game files because apparently somebody
either found the game files from the
mobile version of the game or from the
full version you know the full PC
version of the game I'm not 100% sure
which one it is
if you guys do know go ahead tell me in
the comments down below basically like I
said for if you guys would like to see
them yourself go ahead and check the
description but there's a file in all
the files and when you play it it sounds
really weird and somebody actually
decided to reverse it and as you'll see
at the end of this video once you
reverse it it is the five nights at
Freddy's one phone call and it's the the
first phone call where he mentions fungi
mentions the bite of 87 now as we all
know that doesn't really make all that
much sense in this game at least as of
week as you know we know so far because
well from what I'm thinking it's kind of
my theory I think that well first of all
I think fried bear killed the kid I
don't think that's the same kid and as
we saw on the TV it's possibly taking
place in 1983 not even 1987 so the death
that we saw the end of the games
probably isn't even the bite of 87 that
kid look like he's not surviving that at
all but I mean who knows maybe somehow
it's gonna end up being the bite of a
seven but it's just kind of weird seeing
that the original phone call is in this
game and it just so happens to be the
same phone call that had the bite of a
7/10 and it's putting they're reversed
which is weird a lot of people are
saying this is actually playing while
you're playing the game and you just
kind of you know you're so focused on
the actual game that you don't actually
hear it and it's also in the first like
I said before so you're not even if you
did hear you're not gonna be like oh
that's clearly the phone call from
France phrase one so I know it's pretty
crazy obviously like I said before the
game called have just surfaced from what
I hear is just like the sounds but
obviously we're still waiting on the
main game files you know with all the
images and stuff like that
once that obviously gets leaked I will
be covering for you guys so anyways
thanks for the video
like the phone call it will be at the
end of this video thanks for watching
hey mom